(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] To save
the Celestial Digimon
who turned into a digi-egg,
Tai, Matt, and TK found a way
to break into Devimon's castle.
Meanwhile, Devimon's hands
of evil were hard at work
taking over tankers
in the real world,
in an attempt to throw the
world into a state of turmoil.
In the Digital World,
Tai's side was in a battle
with Skullknightmon who was
trying to dye the digi-egg dark.
Amidst the intense battle,
Skullknightmon
managed to digivolve
into a menacing and
powerful Axeknightmon.
Their fierce battle
eventually led
to the collapse of
Devimon's castle.
After the dust settled,
TK was able to
retrieve the digi-egg
and watched as Poyomon
hatched before his very eyes.
However, just when things
seemed to have calmed down,
Devimon made his inevitable
appearance at last.
How will Tai and
his friends react
to finally being face to
face with the worst enemy
they've ever encountered?
(wind howling)
We finally meet, Digi-destined.
And you, good to see you
again, my old friend.
TK, go somewhere and hide.
Devimon, all the
disasters in our world
and the Digital World,
it was you who caused
them to happen, wasn't it?
But it won't happen again,
because we're stopping you here.
You will soon know pain.
Weregarurumon, can
you still fight?
Yeah!
Now suffer.
Ready, MetalGreymon?
Yeah!
(dramatic music)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
The touch of evil.
(Weregarurumon exclaims)
What's wrong?
Run for cover!
[TK] Matt!
Don't move!
What was that attack just now?
(dramatic music)
[Matt] Try to get closer to
him using the debris as cover.
Copy that.
(lasers whirring)
Are you kidding?
(Weregarurumon exclaims)
You okay over there?
(Tai gasps)
(computer beeping)
Are there any updates
on the tanker yet, Izzy?
[Izzy] We still can't get the
system back under control.
[Mimi] What?
(dramatic music)
Has the ship's system
managed to recover yet?
[Crewman] No, and
I'm still not seeing
any problems with it.
Well, it couldn't
hurt to check again.
Sir.
[Joe] Hasn't that Calmaramon
thing been defeated yet?
I don't think so.
And if it hasn't been
defeated, it's still hiding.
[Kabuterimon] Are you
seeing all this, Izzy?
Something strange is
happening over here.
It looks like all the data
flowing within the network
is starting to gather.
What does that mean, Izzy?
It's complicated, but
I'll try to explain.
Take a look at this,
the data the
Argomon were eating,
news and social media data,
and all the data in
the network traffic
that's been recently activated
thanks to the recent confusion.
It appears that all of
it is being absorbed
by this obelisk, you know,
the lighthouse looking thing,
which is transferring
it further.
Oh, to the Digital World.
Wait a sec.
(dramatic music)
Does that mean what
happened back in fake Tokyo
is happening again?
That's exactly what's going on,
which means Tai and
Matt might be in danger.
(lasers whirring)
(Tai exclaims)
It's miasma!
Devimon is somehow able
to control that dark mist
like it's a solid substance.
That means this entire space
is under Devimon's control.
(crystal whirring)
The attacks finally stopped.
Now's our chance,
we have to blow
away all this mist.
You think you can do it?
You know it.
(dramatic music)
Then we just have to find a way
to break that ugly obelisk.
Togemon!
Come on, you've
got this Birdramon.
[Togemon] Let me
handle this, Mimi!
[Birdramon] Who's
up for calamari?
(dramatic music)
(Digimon grunting)
That came out of nowhere.
It was camouflaged.
(Digimon grunting)
[Kabuterimon] Hey,
don't forget about me.
(Kabuterimon groaning)
[Togemon] It's so hot.
[Kabuterimon] I'm gonna melt.
-(sirens wailing)
-(dramatic music)
[TK] Stop it!
TK.
Don't you bully my friends.
Just leave them alone!
(gentle music)
Poyomon?
Tokomon!
You just digivolved.
(Devimon groaning)
Why do you resist darkness?
Why do you resist me?
(Devimon yells)
Why, why, why?
What are you doing?
(dramatic music)
(Devimon yells)
What's this?
The energy being sent to the
Digital World is increasing
and accelerating!
(dramatic music)
(lightning crashes)
[Devimon] I...
(Devimon groaning)
[Neodevimon] I
digivolve to Neodevimon.
[Kabuterimon] Well,
it was worth a shot.
Kabuterimon.
This is bad.
No, it's okay.
(Ikkakumon groaning)
[Ikkakumon] I can't see!
(group sighs)
Yeah, nevermind, just
pretend I never said that.
No way.
Forgive me.
Forget about that.
The first tanker is going
to crash into the port
any minute now.
(dramatic music)
It digivolved.
Not only that,
but it's like something
feels completely different
from last time.
(dramatic music)
Tokomon, wait!
Behind you!
Guilty Claw!
Wolf Claw!
(Weregarurumon exclaims)
Weregarurumon!
Giga Storm!
(MetalGreymon exclaims)
If this keeps up-
[Izzy] Tai, Matt,
can you hear me?
What?
Is that you, Izzy?
[Izzy] How's the
situation over there?
Well, not great.
(Tai exclaims)
[Izzy] We're trying to-
You still there?
Can you hear me?
So Tai's been fighting
this entire time?
That must mean that another
ridiculous enemy showed up.
(Mimi exclaims)
(Weregarurumon groans)
You'll see,
we'll beat you, all
of us, as a team!
(dramatic music)
[Izzy] As long as
we can still fight,
we have to try and find a way
to help Tai, Matt,
and everyone else
who's fighting in the
Digital World right now.
Because no matter how far
away from each other we are,
we're still a team.
[Mimi] Please, Togemon.
[Sora] You can do it, Birdramon.
[Joe] I'm counting
on you, Ikkakumon.
[Izzy] Kabuterimon.
[Togemon] Togemon digivolve to-
Lillymon!
[Birdramon] Birdramon,
digivolve to-
(singing in Japanese)
[Garudamon] Garudamon!
[Kabuterimon]
Kabuterimon, digivolve to-
[MegaKabuterimon]
MegaKabuterimon!
Ikkakumon, digivolve to-
[Zudomon] Zudomon!
-Here goes.
-All right!
Let's see who's stronger.
Flower Cannon!
Wing Blade!
Horn Buster!
All that's left is the obelisk.
We'll try not to
mess up this time.
Zudomon!
Vulcan's Hammer!
(Weregarurumon groaning)
(Neodevimon groaning)
-(siren wailing)
-(alarm beeping)
(static buzzing)
Hit him one last time.
(Weregarurumon exclaims)
(dramatic music)
[Crewman] The system's restored.
[Captain] Full speed astern!
Activate brakes.
Starboard on my cue.
Start turning!
[Crewman] Hard to starboard.
Steady.
Come on, we're so close.
(Neodevimon groaning)
Quick, before it can recover.
Giga Blaster!
(Neodevimon exclaiming)
(siren wailing)
You mean it actually stopped?
But how?
Who was able to save us in time?
You guys, I've just confirmed
the tanker system's recovery.
We did it.
(group exclaims)
What's the matter, Tai?
I have a feeling we owe
everyone back home big time,
don't you think?
Not too shabby, TK.
(TK laughs)
(ominous tone)
(dramatic music)
[Axelknightmon] For
the perseverance
that exceeds one's own
ruin, Digivolve once more!
(electricity buzzing)
(Tai gasps)
No way.
(mask cracking)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the Digimon
Encyclopedia is Lillymon.
This Fairy Digimon
digivolves from Togemon.
Lillymon is able to
defeat most enemies
by using Flower Cannon.
And check out this fun fact,
it seems like most
Ultimate Digimon
bear some resemblance to
their previous digivolution,
but with Lillymon, there's
almost zero resemblance.
The mystery of Digimon!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(dramatic music)
[Narrator] Tai is defeated,
however, a new
hope shines through
as a miracle occurs!
[Tai] Next time, "The
Final Stage, Dandevimon."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.